# Final-Project
Final Project, Group 2, Niki Bell and Madeleine Panter
Today we started our final project by adding our dataset, checking data types, looking for any null values, and creating a heat map and pair plots. Next we split the data into training and testing sets and created the pipeline. We do not have any categorical features (only the target is categorical) so we did not include a categorical pipeline. Our next step will be to look at metrics to see how our model performs. 
Then we did that and saw what the data about our models accuracy tells us and how we need to move forward. We found that a logistic regression model will not be our best option as itcannot detect well the difference between the 3 categories of risk. Our next step will be to test another model that is more complex and can predict better, likely a RandomForestClassifier. 
By testing several different models and settings (Cross-Validation) we found that a forest of 100 decision trees worked significantly better than a single tree or a basic logistic model. Our overall accuracy jumped to 86.7%, which is a huge improvement. Recall is incredibly important for this project since we are dealing with health risk we don't want to miss anyone who is at risk and so recall of now 95% is great.
We ran into an issue where I could not push my code and so she put the new model in. I realized there was an issue with our virtual environments and that we needed a .gitignore file so pushing and pulling the system knows to ignore the other persons .venv file and keep your own and to focus on the other files we are adjusting. Now we can both push and pull with ease. 